refactor: restructure and improve Staking documentation (#72)
KILTprotocol/docs: docs/participate/01_Staking/03_Delegate/01_overview.md

---
id: overview
title: Overview
---

In the [KILT **L**imited **D**elegated **P**roof **o**f **S**take (LDPoS)](https://medium.com/kilt-protocol/the-continuing-evolution-of-kilt-protocol-limited-delegated-proof-of-stake-640403427c48) consensus, delegators play an important role (at least in the infancy of the network) to filter the pool of candidates for honest, trusted and well-performing collators.

The requirements to become a delegator are much more lightweight than [those for collators](../01_Become%20a%20Collator/01_overview.md). 

> You only need to stake a low number of tokens and decide on a collator candidate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You only need to stake a relatively lower number of tokens and decide on a collator candidate.
```
